# license-appendix
Create an appendix from the license-checker output.

**NOTE: This tool provides options to fix the broken licenses. Please use at your own interest.**

## Features
1. In addition to creating an appendix from license-checker, this tool attempts to fix the broken licenses using below approaches in order,
	* Extract license from README file using regex.
	* Search the module's Github repo for license. (License is ignored if the license is changed in latest repo)
	* Generate licenses using template if none of the above worked.

2.  Fixing licenses is optional. Type 'no' if you want the default output from license-checker to be generated.

3. Log file is generated by default with the details of broken licenses, fixed licenses.

## Usage
> *You can use shorthands like -p instead --path, type `node index.js --help` for more details*


1.  Basic text example

    `node index.js  --path <src_dir> --output licenses.text`

2.  Create json output

    `node index.js  --json --path <src_dir> --output licenses.json`

3. Auto fix broken licenses

    `node index.js --fix --json --path <src_dir> --output licenses.json`

4. Skip fixing broken licenses, generate default output from license-checker

    `node index.js --skip --json --path <src_dir> --output licenses.json` 

    *If `--fix` or `--skip` option is not provided, a prompt will be presented to the user to choose either to fix or to skip the broken licenses.*

5. Do not generate log file (not recommended)

    `node index.js --fix --json --quiet --path <src_dir> --output licenses.json`

6. Use Oauth token to fetch license from GitHub

   `node index.js --fix --json --path <src_dir> --output licenses.json --auth <your_github_personal_acces_token>`

      [Visit this link](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) to create your personal access token.

## Found a bug?
Please create an issue with the relevant details. Submitting a PR would be even great !!
